We are going to start the implementation phase for this project. We have dedicated a good amount of time to the planning phase.
Before you start working on anything make sure you read the documentation in the docs/ directory and the readme.

What we need to do is a solid.

For the end goal the project we want to be able to analyze any files. Depending on the type of file the algorithm that analyzes the file must be different. For instance a file generated by airbnb would have different fields and content from a file generated in hotels.com.

Our end program should be able to determine the type of file that has been uploaded and based on that suggest an algorithm that will analyze the file contents and provide the most accurate data. The way I'm thinking this can be made is:

- An optional UI that allows the user to determine/override the type of file that was uploaded.
- A preprocessing phase that can be run whenever the user doesnt specify the type of file. The preprocessing phase will determine whats the best algorithm to get very accurate data about specific fiels.
- A set of algorithms that will be selected depending on the uploaded file.
- A global algorithm that will be used if no match was detected for the file. This general algorithm should be good enough to give you general information about the file. For instance from a numbers-only column we can detect averages, max, min, metrics per type, etc. With a general algorithm we should be able to generate graphs and metrics that are still useful to the uploader even if we dont know much about the data.

We have a set of files that are specific to airbnb, We made a very good analysis of these files on the alpha-plan.md.

What you need to do:
Most of the plan has been laid in the alpha plan. We need to finish with what's missing from the plan including folder structure, algorithm set, etc.
